1. (A) The choices of colors for my portfolio are white, black and mustard yellow (#f6ac00). For the body text I will use black, the reason behind it is that it is an easy color to read. The mustard yellow I am going to use for links to urls of my previous work and for links leading into that. I like this color because it reminds me of fall, which is my favorite season. I wanted to add a little bit of my personality to it. I am also using white as the main color for the body because I like to keep things simple and clean, so this will also be my background color.
2. (B) Only one image of me for portfolio, and three logos plus two social media SVG icons.  
3. (C)Site map included with each title and contents of each page beneath it.
4. (D) ABOUT text: 
“Hi there, I’m Angie Delgado. I am a front end engineer and I love all things HTML and CSS. I attended San Francisco State University and majored in linguistics. My love for new languages and travel is what inspires me to work on making beautiful websites with accessibility to all.
I went into software engineering because I have a passion for making projects that are available to people of all capabilities. Accessibility is very important to me and I incorporated in any design I make. When I am not coding, you can find me cooking, travelling or catching up on my blog.”
WORK: Will have names of my previous projects and logos I have yet to design. One of them is this for my AirBnb Clone. Will not include much text Only images and links.
   
This one for printf: 
  

And I am still in the process of making the perfect logo for my shell project, but for now this is the idea of it.
   
This page will also include a resume download button.
Contacts: I will have a sentence that reads 
“Have an idea, project or problem let’s chat.”
With a form asking for name, email, subject and message below and a submit button.
   5. (E) https://benadam.me/ 
So far this is the only website I’ve been truly intrigued by, so much that I want to use his colors. I love the header with the white background, the main with the photo and blurb about him to links of his job and the very simple footer. I think this is my favorite one so far. 
https://koome.vip/
This is one of the fancier sites I’ve visited. It’s by one of my good friend’s page and I really love it. However, I feel that there are too many links. I think the header is nice. His header is a video. His main hero page is also very nice as it has his about him in it. And I specially love his footer with his copyright and social media links. Everything about it matches his personality which I think is very fun.

http://findmatthew.com
I love this portfolio, and it has always been one of my favorites because it is so fun to look at. The header is mesmerizing. I am not a fan of the main, with the percentage ratings, I think that looks tacky. I like the projects section and I hope to one day incorporate my blogs. The footer is probably my favorite part because it takes you to the top. I hop to make my portfolio a one page layout like this, one day.

   6. (F) Wireframe done and attached.
   7. (G) Resume attached.